title: Start
---
"Thanks for your business, I'll see you tomorrow!" I called out to the person leaving the shop.
As the last customer of the morning left I sat down at a stool behind the counter and poured myself a cup of coffee.  
I gaze out the window at the beautiful day, while the cars methodically zoom past.
I think to myself, "There isn't any other place I'd rather be right now"." 
Well enough of that, break time's over. The lunch rush is going to start piling in soon. 
I slowly start refilling the syrup bottles, taking extra care not to spill any of the sticky nightmare goo that's known as caramel syrup.
I thoroughly wash out the brown-stained coffee pots and blenders.
Grabbing some boxes from the drawers under the counter, I restock the disposable coffee cups, straws, and napkins.
And finally, my least favorite part... 
Cleaning. 
I never understood how people could be so messy when just drinking a cup of coffee.
Despite only four people coming in this morning there's enough mess to make me cringe.
All you have to do is put a plastic lid or straw to your lips and sip, but apparently that's too much for some people to handle.
Napkins, sugar packets, and pieces of straw wrappers litter the ground.
Spilled coffee and rings of condensation water from the bottom of cold drinks stain the hardwood tables. 
"Oh well, not every job is perfect I guess." 
I did not realize then how right I was.

As I move to sweep the entryway, I noticed something odd on the floor.

<<setsprite Background phone>>
In the shadow of one of the chairs lied an old flip phone.
It was obviously old, beat up, and clearly cheap, with the paint of the numbers on the keypad have almost completely worn off.
Curious, I opened to phone to find it had no password, the home menu's background was a default, and there were no contacts, messages or notifications whatsoever.
The phone seemed completely devoid of use besides the disintegrating paint on the buttons.
I thought I should probably find out who this belongs to... It's hard to go without your phone these days.
I hated that I had to do this, but it seemed that the only way to get any information about the owner's identity was to look through their photos. 
The only customers that came in today were the regulars, so if there was a selfie or something, I'd be able to recognize them. 
Scrolling through the dimly lit screen, I finally reached the adorable small old-school digital camera icon labeled "Photos."
...

<<setsprite Background phoneNoir>>
...
I felt a shiver, like a cold finger running down my spine.
"What the hell is this." 
Picture after picture, different shots of a dead woman. 
No... Multiple dead women. 
Dozens of stab wounds punctured in their chests, faces so utterly mutilated that they weren't recognizable anymore.
Picture after picture of these horrifying, awful scenes; different angles, close-ups of the stab wounds, as if whoever took them wanted to capture the essence of the moment and relive it over and over... 
I feel sick.
I flashed back to a seemingly insignificant moment a few days before.
I had turned on the radio while I was driving to work, and before changing to my favorite music station, the announcer stated, "...third murder has occurred by what the police are what now considering a seria-"
Oh god. 
Oh god oh god oh god. 
There were three announced murders, but... there are four women in these photos.
Was this the same killer?
What... why...
Is this...
As I rack my shocked brain for answers, one thought comes to my mind.

<<setsprite Background coffeeshopNoir>>
This phone belongs to the killer, and they're a regular in my coffee shop.  

<<LoadScene YarnCommandManager MenuScene>>